Update downstream-exposures-tableau.md (#7764)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures-tableau.md

   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/cloud-integrations/auto-exposures/cloud-select-collections.jpg" title="Select the collections you want to include for the downstream exposures."/>

      :::info

>       <Constant name="cloud" /> automatically imports and syncs any workbook within the selected collections. New additions to the collections will be added to the lineage in <Constant name="cloud" /> once per day following the daily sync and after a job run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <Constant name="cloud" /> automatically imports and syncs any workbook within the selected collections. New additions to the collections will appear in the lineage in <Constant name="cloud" /> once per day &mdash; after the daily sync and a job run.
```
